## How to connect your speaker to your PC

The *Energy Multiroom* speakers use a wireless communication protocol from Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) to communicate with each other via the Wi-Fi network that they have created. This gives you the possibility to connect the speaker to other devices that work with these types of protocols such as devices with Linux or Windows operating systems.  It can also be used with AirPlay protocol (Mac OS). 

<br/>

### 1) Windows 10:

1.1) Connect to the device's network. For more information please see "How to connect to the speaker's network".

1.2) Access the Device Manager (Control Panel->Hardware and sound->Add device->Active devices). Wait for the device to appear and add it as an external device. It will appear with the net's name. Please wait until the connection is set up correctly. 

1.3) Stream your music to your speaker. Access the Windows Media Player, select the songs that you want to stream to your speaker, open the additional settings menu (right click) and once there search for the "stream to a device" option. To finish, you just have to select your speaker in the list that appears.

<br/>

### 2) Linux:

2.1) Connect to the speaker's Wi-Fi network. For more information please see "How to connect to the speaker's network".
 
2.2) Open the terminal and enter the following commands to install the pulseaudio-dlnam package, which enables streaming to other devices using DLNA protocol:

	sudo add-apt repository ppa:qos/pulseaudio-dlna
	sudo apt-get update 	
	sudo apt-get install pulseaudio-dlna
	pulseaudio-dlna

2.3) Access the Audio Manager of your operating system and select the Energy Multiroom Wi-Fi speaker as audio output.

<br/>

### 3) Mac OS:

3.1) Connect to the speaker's Wi-Fi network. For more information please see "How to connect to the speaker's network".

3.2) Open iTunes, use the AirPlay protocol and select the device as external player.
